let's share the best from game
that has won millionaire by three so many
against zero has remained as it was
all right
in a global 4-3 this was the first
of the party there is as above the
crossbar
rafael in another place
a few minutes after reaching the goal
one touch two touches
the center back
that will let you pass very well
great feint came to the gentlemen
and Juan Esteban Ortiz
to put things 1 to 0
action where rentería to magician and leaves
pass without problems ortiz nothing to do
for bruno
an important collective move of
take off cold and calculating to do what
who did renteria in the area
and it was enabled
final about the show no longer plays it down
and if he wanted renteria
to change it by goal two minutes
after
and they have it
on the other the party was 2 to 0
and the party
for millionaire interests
shout boat play
the defender engages boats
says no front of the national team
Argentina
and save your bow two minutes later
but this move
so if on the line he did not have it again
palmeiras
salgado millionaire that descended to
death
2 to 0 in favor
will continue looking for palmeiras a new
chance a new thin action towards
view
but always attentive answered when what
had to do at 76
get to ochoa to break from bunker 1 and
put the third goal of the game
look at the meters you walk
after removing the lateral
happens receives punctuality 36 almost 37
meters to convert it list the last
won 3 to 0 millionaire lords
and climb the party